hmm and now with that key in hand we're
going to the nursery
yeah we're babysitting a dead kid
if you check this heart a nightstand you
will always get a heart that replenishes
50 HP from it unless you're playing hard
mode though but I'll kind of get into
that later uh right here you can see
these building blocks a toy though but
what I like is if we check this check
the picture of the baby now that's just
not my style good goin Luigi denounced
pedophilia do that that is good going
now you want to do here is go ahead and
suck on this wooden horse that did you
putting the Woodward wooden in there do
not make that sound any better what up
play with me what you have to do is fall
and pop them in the face child abused oh
you gave me an owie I just wanted to
play with you
I hate grown-ups why do you have to be
bigger than me I'm hanging up small now
girls falling smell it see tiny little
things got out of that little charm to
the end meet Shawn see he is the spoiled
rotten baby that is an every mention
odors family okay
when fighting Shawn see you do not have
your flashlight because well you do not
need it you're just gonna have these
horses go after you you have to dodge
them and then he's going to have these
balls going to the room yeah well you
just hurt him with five seconds ago he
is now giving you again go ahead and pop
them in the face again and I don't
believe you can get them in one section
I think you just got to drain as much
help as you can
yep 65 that's that close-up of him doing
that crying that is the scariest thing
we've seen so far hands down next to
that sprite of Luigi on the saving
screen
okay so that was horses again just run
past them they cannot possibly hate me
just run in the opposite direction
they're coming from nothing at all
and give me your balls I thought we were
denouncing pedophilia here okay let me
glad that I haven't made too many like
unintentional that's what she says with
the whole suction thing though but I
know there's still time
um how did I lose it is that my corner I
don't know whose coin that was where did
that even come from I've never had that
happen before I've just had a coin
appear out of nowhere cuz like any time
don't know coin popping eyes when you
get hit really badly you lose money okay
horses how they're coming from the left
side now yeah that's unexpected
right side they're coming from a
different direction they have to change
it to make it oh wow
after I'm complaining of the difficulty
as yours is come on I get hit by one all
right give me that
Dylan Wow um today seriously Wow
I missed everyone I liked how as soon as
I complain about the difficulty I am now
having trouble
I still have 90 HP though come on keep
your horses coming yo I know there's
going to be on it like inevitable that's
when she's like moans just because the
context of how you attack and fight in
this game and everything though all
right 17 HP let's do this
there we go that is our first area
Bosco's and somehow killing him return
to snore Mille sighs and here we go
golden chest before we collect that
though I think there's money in this I
just collected empty oh it's such a
pretty key listen to Luigi's ringtone
it's the Luigi's Mansion theme song
Luigi Luigi hear me no thanks is your
okay let's contact with you all of a
sudden I was a tad worried you you seem
to be a bit tuckered out after that long
battle don't you why don't you come on
back to the lab you vacuum of a boss
ghost with a poltergeist 3000 it's
pretty much full two first things but
cold I guess you showed that to Bosco's
who's boss I like this guy makes bad
puns just like I do back piece together
this this is his machine that turns
ghosts into paintings yeah the ghost
portrait fication Iser like double
jumpin ease of the cage did alright
works in Reverse
- I don't know why you made it work in
reverse because that's the whole thing
that caused his painting collection to
get stolen in the first place and do is
okay if you look there at the ghost
portraits you can see that their frames
are certain colors as you see there I
believe I got two gold ranks in a silver
ring basically however many suctions it
takes you to feed and ghost and how much
damage you take while fighting the ghost
determines your rank I don't know the
exact breakdown though but that's just
the ranks that I got yeah it's a gold
rank the picture that's in the frame
also looks different typically the
picture looks cooler if you get a higher
rancor they could have bronze on shauncy
I don't know no anyway three ghosts it's
now gonna add up our totals an emerald
got a ruby hey the Admirals are worth
more than the Ruby the emerald was a
third version and we have six point nine
million goal higher G's rather Yuji
press a and good creepy luigi spray the
thing is creepier than the boss I swear
okay so now that we have defeated Shawn
see the boss of area one we're gonna end
this off here next time on Luigi's
Mansion we are going to be going beyond
this door into area two now that we have
the heart key and can do so see you guys
then